Why not?
Come to Ah Fei to help me point out
Your Majesty, everything is negotiable
It's too late to discuss now.
40 million silver
Not a cent less
Your Majesty
If you abolish the imperial examinations and release the money
We sakyamata
Ok ok ok
As long as the money is in place
Really can do anything
Isn't it just a strike from the imperial examinations?
I will order now
OK, that's a deal.
Empty talk
Be your own king
Your Majesty, are you confused?
Cancellation of imperial examinations
The Menwar clan will continue to hold power
Above the imperial power
Queen rest assured
Although the imperial examination can break the door
Clan attendant
Inspire people to read
But the imperial examinations are all four books and five classics
I want to know what His Majesty the Forbidden City means
Four Books and Five Classics for Self-cultivation
But the real governance of the country and the world depends on meritorious deeds
Science and Engineering
What is a science and engineering department?
Science and engineering are all-encompassing
arithmetic astronomy
Medical mechanisms, etc., etc
Although the concubine does not understand the science and engineering subjects mentioned by His Majesty
But the concubine can guess
Your Majesty must be setting a trap for the Menvar clan again
Ready to pit them
lower set
What set?
Oh my god
How can you just set someone up?
Since I promised the Menfa clan
Then it must be done without a trap
But His Majesty wants to start anew
I'm afraid it's difficult.
What does the queen mean?